c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\ServiceApp.dll.config
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\ServiceApp.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\ServiceApp.pdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\obj\Debug\ServiceApp.csproj.App.config
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\obj\Debug\ServiceApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\obj\Debug\ServiceApp.Views.ListPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\obj\Debug\ServiceApp.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\obj\Debug\ServiceApp.pdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Yigit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\obj\Debug\ServiceApp.Views.InsertPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\Yigit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\obj\Debug\ServiceApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Yigit\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\ServiceApp\bin\Debug\ServiceApp.dll.mdb
