c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\bin\Debug\yazokulu1.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\bin\Debug\yazokulu1.pdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\obj\Debug\yazokulu1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\obj\Debug\yazokulu1.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\obj\Debug\yazokulu1.pdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\obj\Debug\yazokulu1.Views.FirstPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\obj\Debug\yazokulu1.Views.YazOkuluSayfa1.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\obj\Debug\yazokulu1.Views.YazOkuluSayfa2.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\obj\Debug\yazokulu1.Views.MyLayout.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\obj\Debug\yazokulu1.Views.MyGridPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\obj\Debug\yazokulu1.Views.DataBind.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\obj\Debug\yazokulu1.Views.CustomPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\bin\Debug\SQLite.Net.dll
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\obj\Debug\yazokulu1.Views.Insert.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\obj\Debug\yazokulu1.dll.mdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\bin\Debug\yazokulu1.dll.mdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\obj\Debug\yazokulu1.dll.mdb
c:\users\yigit\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\yazokulu1\bin\Debug\yazokulu1.dll.mdb
